README.md, before:

# places.br

Always-updated multi-language geographic data of Brazil.

## Data Source

All these data was compiled from nonstandardized spreadsheets provided by IBGE (Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics) through their FTP server at <ftp://geoftp.ibge.gov.br/organizacao_do_territorio/estrutura_territorial/divisao_territorial/>.

## Datasets

### Records

|  Dataset | `states` | `mesoregions` | `microregions` | `municipalities` | `districts` | `subdistricts` |
| --------:| --------:| -------------:| --------------:| ----------------:| -----------:| --------------:|
| **2014** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,570 |      10,351 |            664 |
| **2013** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,570 |      10,302 |            662 |
| **2012** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,565 |           - |              - |
| **2011** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,565 |           - |              - |
| **2010** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,565 |           - |              - |
| **2009** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,565 |      10,155 |            489 |
| **2008** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,564 |      10,104 |            471 |
| **2007** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,564 |      10,090 |            471 |
| **2006** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,564 |      10,031 |            449 |
| **2005** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,564 |      10,001 |            413 |
| **2004** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,560 |       9,947 |            413 |
| **2003** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,560 |       9,927 |            405 |
| **2000** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,507 |       9,849 |            404 |
| **1994** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            4,974 |       9,241 |            155 |
| **1980** |       27 |             - |              - |            3,992 |           - |              - |
| **1970** |       27 |             - |              - |            3,952 |           - |              - |
| **1960** |       27 |             - |              - |            2,766 |           - |              - |
| **1950** |       26 |             - |              - |            1,889 |           - |              - |
| **1940** |       22 |             - |              - |            1,574 |           - |              - |

### Data formats

Currently we provide these datasets into the following formats:

#### Data Interchange

* [CSV](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma-separated_values)
* [JSON](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON)
* [Property List](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Property_list)
* [TSV](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tab-separated_values)
* [XML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XML)
* [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML)

#### Database

* [Firebird Embedded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embedded_database#Firebird_Embedded)
* [SQL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL)
* [SQLite 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQLite)

## License

The project source code are available under the [MIT License](src/LICENSE). The data compiled here are [public domain](data/LICENSE) and falls within fair use.

## Contributing

Found any misleading information? Have an idea for a missing feature? You are always welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/paulofreitas/places.br/issues) or provide a pull-request!

Commit message:

Push 2015 database in all available formats (closes #14)
- Updated project README to include the 2015 database details.

README.md, after:

# places.br

Always-updated multi-language and multi-format geographic data of Brazil.

## Data Source

All these data was compiled from nonstandardized spreadsheets provided by IBGE (Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics) through their FTP server [here](http://geoftp.ibge.gov.br/organizacao_do_territorio/estrutura_territorial/divisao_territorial/).

## Datasets

### Records

|  Dataset | `states` | `mesoregions` | `microregions` | `municipalities` | `districts` | `subdistricts` |
| --------:| --------:| -------------:| --------------:| ----------------:| -----------:| --------------:|
| **2015** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,570 |      10,424 |            800 |
| **2014** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,570 |      10,351 |            664 |
| **2013** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,570 |      10,302 |            662 |
| **2012** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,565 |           - |              - |
| **2011** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,565 |           - |              - |
| **2010** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,565 |           - |              - |
| **2009** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,565 |      10,155 |            489 |
| **2008** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,564 |      10,104 |            471 |
| **2007** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,564 |      10,090 |            471 |
| **2006** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,564 |      10,031 |            449 |
| **2005** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,564 |      10,001 |            413 |
| **2004** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,560 |       9,947 |            413 |
| **2003** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,560 |       9,927 |            405 |
| **2000** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            5,507 |       9,849 |            404 |
| **1994** |       27 |           137 |            558 |            4,974 |       9,241 |            155 |
| **1980** |       27 |             - |              - |            3,992 |           - |              - |
| **1970** |       27 |             - |              - |            3,952 |           - |              - |
| **1960** |       27 |             - |              - |            2,766 |           - |              - |
| **1950** |       26 |             - |              - |            1,889 |           - |              - |
| **1940** |       22 |             - |              - |            1,574 |           - |              - |

### Data formats

Currently we provide these datasets into the following formats:

#### Data Interchange

* [CSV](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma-separated_values)
* [JSON](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JSON)
* [Property List](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Property_list)
* [TSV](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tab-separated_values)
* [XML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XML)
* [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML)

#### Database

* [Firebird Embedded](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Embedded_database#Firebird_Embedded)
* [SQL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL)
* [SQLite 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQLite)

## License

The project source code are available under the [MIT License](src/LICENSE). The data compiled here are [public domain](data/LICENSE) and falls within fair use.

## Contributing

Thank you for considering to contribute to this project. Have you found any misleading information or have an idea for a missing feature? You are always welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/paulofreitas/places.br/issues) or provide a pull-request!

## Supporting

Do you like this project? Please consider supporting it by donating:

- Donate using Bitcoin: 13v5TJ3XLA1gn6XdL9Z2mLpRJ4N13gaaW9
- Donate using Bitcoin Cash: qq0l5q7hvwj2ckeqpc6e3x389wnueqaygswuqqhwqj
- Donate using Ethereum: 0x3C7cA579a636881E7446bbff9a84D8579a0057F7
- [Donate using other criptocurrencies](https://shapeshift.io/shifty.html?destination=13v5TJ3XLA1gn6XdL9Z2mLpRJ4N13gaaW9&output=BTC)
- [Donate using PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HZ6JYNLYX3P7Y)
- [Donate using Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/paulofreitas)
