src/data/stubs/README.stub.md, before:

# geodata-br

![License: PDDL](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-PDDL-brightgreen.svg "License: ODC Public Domain Dedication and Licence (PDDL)")

Free open public domain geographic data of Brazil available in multiple languages and formats.

## Datasets

{badges}

### Data source

All data was compiled from [SIDRA](https://sidra.ibge.gov.br/) (IBGE's Automatic Recovery System) data sets by [IBGE](https://www.ibge.gov.br/) (Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics).

### Data formats

The compiled data are available into the following formats:

{data_formats}

## License

The data compiled here are [public domain](LICENSE) and falls within fair use.

The project source code is available under the [MIT License](src/LICENSE).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering to contribute to this project. Have you found any misleading information or have an idea for a missing feature? You are always welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/paulofreitas/geodata-br/issues) or provide a pull-request!

## Supporting

Do you like this project? Please consider supporting it by donating:

- Donate using Bitcoin: `13v5TJ3XLA1gn6XdL9Z2mLpRJ4N13gaaW9`
- Donate using Bitcoin Cash: `qq0l5q7hvwj2ckeqpc6e3x389wnueqaygswuqqhwqj`
- Donate using Ethereum: `0x3C7cA579a636881E7446bbff9a84D8579a0057F7`
- [Donate using other criptocurrencies](https://shapeshift.io/shifty.html?destination=13v5TJ3XLA1gn6XdL9Z2mLpRJ4N13gaaW9&output=BTC), [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HZ6JYNLYX3P7Y) or [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/paulofreitas)

Commit message:

Further improve project README
- Added Brazil flag to header;
- Improved license badge color/title;
- Changed heading text to describe the project goal;
- Added a "Change Log" sub-section to "Datasets" section;
- Improved "License" section text to better describe licenses;
- Improved "Supporting" section to use better text and simplified links (added new Coinhive link).

src/data/stubs/README.stub.md, after:

# geodata-br 🇧🇷

[![License: PDDL 1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-PDDL--1.0-orange.svg "ODC Public Domain Dedication and License 1.0")](http://www.opendatacommons.org/licenses/pddl/1.0/)
![Current Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/paulofreitas/geodata-br/all.svg)

This project goal is to provide accurated and up to date geographic data of all administrative subdivisions of Brazil.

## Datasets

{badges}

### Data source

All data was compiled from [SIDRA](https://sidra.ibge.gov.br/) (IBGE's Automatic Recovery System) data sets by [IBGE](https://www.ibge.gov.br/) (Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics).

### Data formats

The compiled data are available into the following formats:

{data_formats}

### Change Log

Changes are detailed in the [change log](CHANGELOG.md).

## License

All data compiled here are public domain under the [Public Domain Dedication and License](LICENSE).

The source code is licensed under the [MIT License](src/LICENSE).

## Contributing

Thank you for considering to contribute to this project. Have you found any misleading information or have an idea for a missing feature? You are always welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/paulofreitas/geodata-br/issues) or provide a pull-request!

## Supporting

If you find this project helpful please consider *starring* it to show your support!

If you would like to say thanks and support its further development, a donation is always appreciated:

> - Tip me using [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=HZ6JYNLYX3P7Y) or [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/paulofreitas)
> - [Donate cryptocurrencies](https://shapeshift.io/shifty.html?destination=13v5TJ3XLA1gn6XdL9Z2mLpRJ4N13gaaW9&output=BTC) via ShapeShift
> - [Donate some idle CPU cycles](https://authedmine.com/media/miner.html?key=vaSOo0dyXEQfRLL4Io1PINePo4NfV6Ug) via Coinhive web miner
